---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "alkira_service_bluecat Data Source - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to get an existing Bluecat service.
---

# alkira_service_bluecat (Data Source)

Use this data source to get an existing Bluecat service.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "alkira_service_bluecat" "example" {
  name = "bluecat-service-name"
}
```

## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) ID of the Bluecat service.
- `name` (String) Name of the Bluecat service.

### Read-Only

- `bddsAnycast` (Set of Object) Defines the BDDS AnyCast policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bddsanycast))
- `billing_tag_ids` (Set of Number) IDs of billing tags associated with the service.
- `cxp` (String) The CXP where the service is provisioned.
- `description` (String) The description of the Bluecat service.
- `edgeAnycast` (Set of Object) Defines the Edge AnyCast policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--edgeanycast))
- `global_cidr_list_id` (Number) The ID of the global cidr list associated with the Bluecat service.
- `instance` (List of Object) The properties pertaining to each individual instance of the Bluecat service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance))
- `license_type` (String) Bluecat license type.
- `provision_state` (String) The provision state of the resource.
- `segment_ids` (Set of String) IDs of segments associated with the service.
- `service_group_id` (Number) The ID of the service group associated with the service.
- `service_group_implicit_group_id` (Number) The ID of the implicit group associated with the service.
- `service_group_name` (String) The name of the service group associated with the service.

<a id="nestedatt--bddsanycast"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bddsAnycast`

Read-Only:

- `backup_cxps` (List of String)
- `ips` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--edgeanycast"></a>
### Nested Schema for `edgeAnycast`

Read-Only:

- `backup_cxps` (List of String)
- `ips` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance`

Read-Only:

- `bddsOptions` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instance--bddsoptions))
- `edgeOptions` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instance--edgeoptions))
- `id` (Number)
- `name` (String)
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--instance--bddsoptions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance.bddsOptions`

Read-Only:

- `activationKey` (String)
- `clientId` (String)
- `hostname` (String)
- `model` (String)
- `version` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--instance--edgeoptions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance.edgeOptions`

Read-Only:

- `configData` (String)
- `hostname` (String)
- `version` (String)