---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "alkira Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
    The Alkira provider is used to configure and manage your Alkira network infrastructure
---

# Alkira Provider

Lifecycle management of Alkira Cloud Services Exchange. For the
proivder, the following ENV variables are supported:

* `ALKIRA_PORTAL`
* `ALKIRA_USERNAME`
* `ALKIRA_PASSWORD`
* `ALKIRA_KEY`
* `ALKIRA_PROVISION`

More detailed usage of those ENV variables will be described below. A
typical provider configuration looks like this:


```hcl
provider "alkira" {
  portal   = "your_tenant_name.portal.alkira.com"
  username = "your_name@email.com"
  password = "your_password"
}
```

### AUTHENTICATION

There are two types of authentication method supported.

First, you could use credentials via ENV variable `ALKIRA_USERNAME`
and `ALKIRA_PASSWORD`, environment variables, representing your Alkira
tenant portal URI, username and password, respectively. For example,

```hcl
export ALKIRA_PORTAL="tenant.portal.alkira.com"
export ALKIRA_USERNAME=XXX
export ALKIRA_PASSWORD=XXX
```

Then you could initialize the provider like this:

```hcl
provider "alkira" {
}
```

Another method to authenticate is using Alkira API key, which could be
managed from *Portal* -> *Settings* -> *User Management*. Once it's
created, the API key could be used directly like this:

```hcl
provider "alkira" {
  portal   = "your_tenant_name.portal.alkira.com"
  api_key  = "xxxxxxxxxx"
}
```

Or use ENV var `ALKIRA_API_KEY` (preferrable in CI/CD system).


### PROVISIONING

Provisioning support is added on `v1.0` release. To enable
provisioning, the provider should be initialized with
`provisioning=true` or ENV variable `ALKIRA_PROVISION`:

```hcl
provider "alkira" {
  portal    = "tenant.portal.alkira.com"
  provision = true
}
```

In this way, all applicable resources in the configuration will be
automatically provisioned when doing `terraform apply`. Notice that it
may take a much longer time to apply when provisioning is enabled.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `portal` (String) The URL for Alkira Custom Portal.

### Optional

- `api_key` (String) Your Alkira API key. If thie is not provided then `username` and `password` must have a value.
- `password` (String) Your Tenant Password. If this is not provided then `api_key` must have a value.
- `provision` (Boolean) With provision or not.
- `username` (String) Your username. If this is not provided then `api_key` must have a value.

