---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "alkira_connector_cisco_sdwan Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage Cisco SD-WAN Connector.
---

# alkira_connector_cisco_sdwan (Resource)

Manage Cisco SD-WAN Connector.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "alkira_connector_cisco_sdwan" "test" {
  name          = "test"
  cxp           = "US-WEST"
  size          = "SMALL"
  version       = "18.4.0"

  vedge {
    hostname        = "vedge1"
    cloud_init_file = "xxxxxxxxxxxxx"
    username        = "username"
    password        = "password"
  }

  vrf_segment_mapping {
    segment_id = alkira_segment.test.id
    vrf_id     = 1 # fill in the proper vrf_id
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cxp` (String) The CXP where the connector should be provisioned.
- `name` (String) The name of the connector.
- `size` (String) The size of the connector, one of `SMALL`, `MEDIUM` and `LARGE`, `2LARGE`, `4LARGE`, `5LARGE`, `10LARGE` and `20LARGE`.
- `vedge` (Block List, Min: 1) Cisco vEdge (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--vedge))
- `version` (String) The version of Cisco SD-WAN. Please check Alkira Portal for all supported versions.
- `vrf_segment_mapping` (Block Set, Min: 1) Specify target segment for VRF. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--vrf_segment_mapping))

### Optional

- `billing_tag_ids` (Set of Number) Billing Tag IDs to be associated with the connector.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Is the connector enabled. Default is `true`.
- `group` (String) The group of the connector.
- `type` (String) The type of Cisco SD-WAN. Default value is `VEDGE`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `implicit_group_id` (Number) The ID of implicit group automaticaly created with the connector.
- `provision_state` (String) The provision state of the connector.

<a id="nestedblock--vedge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vedge`

Required:

- `cloud_init_file` (String) The cloud-init file for the vEdge.
- `hostname` (String) The hostname of the vEdge.
- `password` (String) Cisco SD-WAN password. It could be also set by environment variable `AK_CISCO_SDWAN_PASSWORD`.
- `username` (String) Cisco SD-WAN username. It could be also set by environment variable `AK_CISCO_SDWAN_USERNAME`.

Optional:

- `credential_ssh_key_pair_id` (String) The ID of the credential for SSH Key Pair.

Read-Only:

- `credential_id` (String) The generated credential ID for Cisco SD-WAN.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the vEdge instance.


<a id="nestedblock--vrf_segment_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vrf_segment_mapping`

Required:

- `customer_asn` (Number) BGP ASN on the customer premise side. A typical value for 2 byte segment is `64523` and `4200064523` for 4 byte segment.
- `segment_id` (Number) Segment ID.
- `vrf_id` (Number) VRF ID.

Optional:

- `advertise_default_route` (Boolean) Whether advertise default route of internet connector. Default value is `false`.
- `advertise_on_prem_routes` (Boolean) Advertise On Prem Routes. Default value is `false`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import alkira_connector_cisco_sdwan.example CONNECTOR_ID
```
