---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "alkira_connector_oci_vcn Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage Oracle Cloud (OCI) Virtual Computing Network (VCN) Cloud Connector.
---

# alkira_connector_oci_vcn (Resource)

Manage Oracle Cloud (OCI) Virtual Computing Network (VCN) Cloud Connector.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **credential_id** (String) ID of OCI-VCN credential.
- **cxp** (String) The CXP where the connector should be provisioned.
- **enabled** (Boolean) Whether the connector is enabled or not.
- **name** (String) The name of the connector.
- **oci_region** (String) OCI region of the VCN.
- **primary** (Boolean) Wether the connector is primary.
- **segment_id** (Number) The ID of segments associated with the connector. Currently, only `1` segment is allowed.
- **size** (String) The size of the connector, one of `SMALL`, `MEDIUM`, `LARGE`, `2LARGE`.
- **vcn_id** (String) The OCID of the VCN.

### Optional

- **billing_tag_ids** (List of Number) IDs of billing tags.
- **group** (String) The group of the connector.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **vcn_cidr** (List of String) The list of CIDR attached to the target VCN for routing purpose. It could be only specified if `vcn_subnet` is not specified.
- **vcn_route_table** (Block Set) VCN route table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--vcn_route_table))
- **vcn_subnet** (Block Set) The list of subnets of the target VCN for routing purpose. It could only specified if `vcn_cidr` is not specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--vcn_subnet))

<a id="nestedblock--vcn_route_table"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vcn_route_table`

Optional:

- **id** (String) The ID of the route table.
- **options** (String) Routing options, one of `ADVERTISE_DEFAULT_ROUTE`, `OVERRIDE_DEFAULT_ROUTE` and `ADVERTISE_CUSTOM_PREFIX`.
- **prefix_list_ids** (List of Number) Prefix List IDs.


<a id="nestedblock--vcn_subnet"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vcn_subnet`

Optional:

- **cidr** (String) The CIDR of the subnet.
- **id** (String) The Id of the subnet.


