---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "alkira_connector_remote_access Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provide Connector Remote Access resource.
---

# alkira_connector_remote_access (Resource)

Provide Connector Remote Access resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "alkira_connector_remote_access" "example" {
  name                = "example"
  cxp                 = "US-WEST"
  segment_ids         = [alkira_segment.example.id]
  size                = "SMALL"
  authentication_mode = "LOCAL"

  authorization {
    user_group_name = alkira_group_user.example.name
    segment_id    = alkira_segment.example.id
    subnet        = "172.16.1.0/24"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authentication_mode` (String) Authentication mode, the value could be `LOCAL`, `LDAP` and `SAML`.
- `authorization` (Block Set, Min: 1) Map Segments of the selected CXP regions to one or more User Groups and client subnets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--authorization))
- `cxp` (String) The CXP where the connector should be provisioned.
- `name` (String) The name of the connector.
- `segment_ids` (Set of String) Segments that are associated with the connector.
- `size` (String) The size of the connector, one of `SMALL`, `MEDIUM`, `LARGE`.

### Optional

- `banner_text` (String) The user provided connectors banner text.
- `billing_tag_ids` (Set of Number) Billing tags to be associated with the resource. (see resource `alkira_billing_tag`).
- `concurrent_sessions_alert_threshold` (Number) The threshhold for concurrent sessions alert.
- `enable_dynamic_region_mapping` (Boolean) Enable dynamic region mapping. Default value is `true`.
- `ldap_settings` (Block Set) LDAP Settings when `authentication_mode` is `LDAP`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ldap_settings))
- `name_server` (String) Name server.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `provision_state` (String) The provisioning state of the connector.

<a id="nestedblock--authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization`

Required:

- `segment_id` (Number) The segment (`alkira_segment`) to be mapped.
- `subnet` (String) The client subnet.
- `user_group_name` (String) User group (`alkira_group_user`) name.

Optional:

- `billing_tag_id` (Number) Billing tag (`alkira_billing_tag`).
- `prefix_list_id` (Number) The ID of the prefix list (`alkira_policy_prefix_list`).
- `split_tunneling` (Boolean) Enable split tunneling to send traffic destined to only IP addresses in the prefix list over the VPN tunnel. Default is `false`


<a id="nestedblock--ldap_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ldap_settings`

Required:

- `bind_user_domain` (String) The domain.
- `destination_address` (String) Destination dddress.
- `ldap_type` (String) The LDAP type.
- `management_segment_id` (Number) The management segment.
- `search_scope_domain` (String) Base DN to query and validate remote users that will connect to the connector.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import alkira_connector_remote_access.example CONNECTOR_ID
```
