---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "alkira_connector_fortinet_sdwan Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage Fortinet SD-WAN Connector. (BETA)
---

# alkira_connector_fortinet_sdwan (Resource)

Manage Fortinet SD-WAN Connector. (**BETA**)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "alkira_connector_fortinet_sdwan" "test" {
  name              = "test"
  cxp               = var.cxp
  group             = alkira_group.test.name
  size              = "SMALL"

  wan_edge {
    hostname      = "edge1"
    username      = "admin"
    password      = "Test1234"
    license_type  = "PAY_AS_YOU_GO"
    version       = "7.0.11"
  }

  target_segment {
    segment_id  = alkira_segment.test.id
    vrf_id      = 1
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cxp` (String) The CXP where the connector should be provisioned.
- `name` (String) The name of the connector.
- `size` (String) The size of the connector, one of `SMALL`, `MEDIUM` and `LARGE`, `2LARGE`, `5LARGE`.
- `target_segment` (Block Set, Min: 1) Specify target segment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--target_segment))
- `wan_edge` (Block List, Min: 1) WAN Edge (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--wan_edge))

### Optional

- `allow_list` (List of String) This list allows the IP addresses or subnets to be whitelisted so that they can communicate with the Fortinet SD-WAN instance. The value could be `/32` IPs or can also be a mask.
- `billing_tag_ids` (Set of Number) IDs of Billing Tags to be associated with the connector.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Is the connector enabled. Default is `true`.
- `group` (String) The group of the connector.
- `tunnel_protocol` (String) The tunnel protocol. It could be either `IPSEC`or `GRE`. Default value is `IPSEC`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `implicit_group_id` (Number) The ID of implicit group automaticaly created with the connector.
- `provision_state` (String) The provision state of the connector.

<a id="nestedblock--target_segment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_segment`

Required:

- `segment_id` (Number) Alkira Segment ID.
- `vrf_id` (Number) Fortinet SD-WAN Segment name for correlating with Alkria segment.

Optional:

- `advertise_default_route` (Boolean) Whether advertise default route of internet connector. Default value is `false`.
- `advertise_on_prem_routes` (Boolean) Whether advertising On Prem Routes. Default value is `false`.
- `gateway_bgp_asn` (Number) BGP ASN on the customer premise side. A typical value for 2 byte segment is `64523` and `4200064523` for 4 byte segment.


<a id="nestedblock--wan_edge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wan_edge`

Required:

- `hostname` (String) The hostname of the WAN Edge.
- `license_type` (String) The type of license. Either `PAY_AS_YOU_GO` or `BRING_YOUR_OWN`.
- `password` (String) The password of the WAN Edge instance.
- `version` (String) The version of WAN Edge.

Optional:

- `serial_number` (String) Serial Number of the WAN Edge. It's only required when `license_type` is `BRING_YOUR_OWN`. It could be set by ENV variable `AK_FORTINET_SDWAN_SERIAL_NUMBER`.
- `username` (String) The username of the WAN Edge instance.The default value is `admin`.

Read-Only:

- `credential_id` (String) The generated credential ID.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the WAN Edge instance.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import alkira_connector_fortinet_sdwan.example CONNECTOR_ID
```
