---
page_title: "alkira_connector_vmware_sdwan Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage VMWARE SD-WAN Connector.
---

# alkira_connector_vmware_sdwan (Resource)

Manage VMWARE SD-WAN Connector.


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "alkira_connector_vmware_sdwan" "test" {
  name              = "test"
  cxp               = "US-WEST"
  group             = alkira_group.test1.name
  orchestrator_host = "http://test.alkira.com/portal"
  size              = "SMALL"
  version           = "4.3.1"

  virtual_edge {
    hostname        = "vedge1"
    activation_code = "12345678"
  }

  target_segment {
    segment_id                = alkira_segment.test1.id
    vmware_sdwan_segment_name = "segment1"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cxp` (String) The CXP where the connector should be provisioned.
- `name` (String) The name of the connector.
- `orchestrator_host` (String) VMWare (Velo) Orchestrator portal host address.
- `size` (String) The size of the connector, one of `SMALL`, `MEDIUM` and `LARGE`, `2LARGE`, `4LARGE`, `5LARGE`, `10LARGE` and `20LARGE`.
- `target_segment` (Block Set, Min: 1) Specify target segment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--target_segment))
- `version` (String) The version of VMWARE SD-WAN.
- `virtual_edge` (Block List, Min: 1) Virtual Edge (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--virtual_edge))

### Optional

- `billing_tag_ids` (Set of Number) IDs of Billing Tags to be associated with the connector.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Is the connector enabled. Default is `true`.
- `group` (String) The group of the connector.
- `tunnel_protocol` (String) Only supported tunnel protocol is `IPSEC` for now.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `implicit_group_id` (Number) The ID of implicit group automaticaly created with the connector.
- `provision_state` (String) The provision state of the connector.

<a id="nestedblock--target_segment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_segment`

Required:

- `segment_id` (Number) Alkira Segment ID.
- `vmware_sdwan_segment_name` (String) VMWare SD-WAN Segment name for correlating with Alkria segment.

Optional:

- `advertise_default_route` (Boolean) Whether advertise default route of internet connector. Default value is `false`.
- `advertise_on_prem_routes` (Boolean) Whether advertising On Prem Routes. Default value is `false`.
- `gateway_bgp_asn` (Number) BGP ASN on the customer premise side. A typical value for 2 byte segment is `64523` and `4200064523` for 4 byte segment.


<a id="nestedblock--virtual_edge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `virtual_edge`

Required:

- `activation_code` (String) Activation code generated in VMWare orchestrator account.
- `hostname` (String) The hostname of the virtual edge.

Read-Only:

- `credential_id` (String) The generated credential ID.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the virtual edge.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import alkira_connector_vmware_sdwan.example CONNECTOR_ID
```
