---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "alkira_connector_juniper_sdwan Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage Juniper SD-WAN Connector. (BETA)
---

# alkira_connector_juniper_sdwan (Resource)

Manage Juniper SD-WAN Connector. (**BETA**)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "alkira_connector_juniper_sdwan" "juniper" {
  name    = "test"
  cxp     = "US-EAST"
  size    = "SMALL"
  juniper_ssr_version = "6.3.4"
  group   = alkira_group.test.name
  availability_zone = 0

  instance {
    hostname          = "host"
    registration_key  = "registrationKey"
  }
  
  juniper_ssr_vrf_mapping {
    segment_id = alkira_segment.test.id
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `availability_zone` (Number) Availability zone of the Juniper instance(s)
- `cxp` (String) The CXP where the connector should be provisioned.
- `instance` (Block List, Min: 1) Juniper SSR Connector Instances (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--instance))
- `juniper_ssr_version` (String) The Juniper SSR Version.
- `juniper_ssr_vrf_mapping` (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 1) Juniper SSR Vrf Mapping. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--juniper_ssr_vrf_mapping))
- `name` (String) The name of the connector.
- `size` (String) The size of the connector, one of `SMALL`, `MEDIUM`, `LARGE`, `2LARGE`, `4LARGE`, `5LARGE`.

### Optional

- `billing_tag_ids` (Set of Number) Billing tags to be associated with the resource. (see resource `alkira_billing_tag`).
- `description` (String) The description of the connector.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Is the connector enabled. Default is `true`.
- `group` (String) The group of the connector.
- `tunnel_protocol` (String) The tunnel protocol used by the connector.  Only accepted protocol is 'GRE'

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `implicit_group_id` (Number) The ID of implicit group automaticaly created with the connector.
- `provision_state` (String) The provision state of the connector.

<a id="nestedblock--instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance`

Required:

- `hostname` (String) The hostname of the Juniper Instance.
- `registration_key` (String) The registration key of the Juniper instance.

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The ID of the Juniper instance.
- `registration_key_credential_id` (String) The generated registration key credential ID.


<a id="nestedblock--juniper_ssr_vrf_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `juniper_ssr_vrf_mapping`

Required:

- `segment_id` (Number) Alkira Segment ID.

Optional:

- `advertise_default_route` (Boolean) Enables or disables access to the internet when traffic arrives via this connector. The default value is `false`.
- `advertise_on_prem_routes` (Boolean) Whether advertising On Prem Routes. Default value is `false`.
- `juniper_ssr_bgp_asn` (Number) Gateway BGP ASN. Only accepts '65000'
- `juniper_ssr_vrf_name` (String) Juniper VRF Name. Only accepts 'default'

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import alkira_connector_juniper_sdwan.example CONNECTOR_ID
```
