---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "alkira_connector_akamai_prolexic Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage Connector for Akamai Prolexic.
---

# alkira_connector_akamai_prolexic (Resource)

Manage Connector for Akamai Prolexic.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **akamai_bgp_asn** (Number) The Akamai BGP ASN.
- **akamai_bgp_authentication_key** (String) The Akamai BGP Authentication Key.
- **byoip_prefix** (Block Set, Min: 1) BYOIP prefixe. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--byoip_prefix))
- **cxp** (String) The CXP where the connector should be provisioned.
- **name** (String) The name of the connector.
- **size** (String) The size of the connector. one of `SMALL`, `MEDIUM` and `LARGE`.
- **tunnel_configuration** (Block Set, Min: 1) Tunnel Configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tunnel_configuration))

### Optional

- **billing_tag_ids** (List of Number) A list of Billing Tag by ID associated with the connector.
- **enabled** (Boolean) Is the connector enabled. Default is `true`.
- **group** (String) The group of the connector.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--byoip_prefix"></a>
### Nested Schema for `byoip_prefix`

Required:

- **byoip_prefix_id** (String) BYOIP prefix ID.
- **enable_route_advertisement** (Boolean) Whether enabling route advertisement.


<a id="nestedblock--tunnel_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tunnel_configuration`

Required:

- **alkira_public_ip** (String) Alkira public IP.

Optional:

- **tunnel_ips** (Block Set) Tunnel IPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tunnel_configuration--tunnel_ips))

<a id="nestedblock--tunnel_configuration--tunnel_ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tunnel_configuration.tunnel_ips`

Required:

- **akamai_overlay_tunnel_ip** (String) The overlay IP of the GRE tunnel on the Alkira side.
- **alkira_overlay_tunnel_ip** (String) The overlay IP of the GRE tunnel on the Alkira side.
- **ran_tunnel_ip** (String) The underlay tunnel IP on the Akamai side to be used to configure tunnels between the Alkira CXP and the Akamai Prolexic service. A RAN (Routed Access Network) is the unit of availability for the Route GRE 3.0 service.


