---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "alkira_connector_ipsec_adv Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage Advanced IPSec Connector. (BETA)
---

# alkira_connector_ipsec_adv (Resource)

Manage Advanced IPSec Connector. (**BETA**)



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cxp` (String) The CXP where the connector should be provisioned.
- `gateway` (Block List, Min: 1) The gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--gateway))
- `name` (String) The name of the connector.
- `segment_id` (String) The ID of the segment associated with the connector.
- `size` (String) The size of the connector, one of `SMALL`, `MEDIUM`, `LARGE`, `2LARGE`, `4LARGE`, `5LARGE`, `10LARGE` and `20LARGE`.
- `vpn_mode` (String) The connector can be configured either in `ROUTE_BASED` or `POLICY_BASED`.

### Optional

- `advertise_default_route` (Boolean) Enable or disable access to the internet when traffic arrives via this connector. Default is `false`.
- `advertise_on_prem_routes` (Boolean) Additional options for each segment associated with the connector. Default is `false`.
- `billing_tag_ids` (Set of Number) A list of IDs of billing tag associated with the gateway.
- `destination_type` (String) The destination type of the connector. The value could be `IPSEC_ENDPOINT`, `AWS_VPN_CONNECTION`, `AZURE_VPN_CONNECTION`. The default value is `IPSEC_ENDPOINT`.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Is the connector enabled. Default is `true`.
- `group` (String) The group of the connector.
- `policy_options` (Block Set) Policy options, both `branch_ts_prefix_list_ids` and `cxp_prefix_list_ids` must be provided if `vpn_mode` is `POLICY_BASED` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy_options))
- `routing_options` (Block Set) Routing options, type is `STATIC`, `DYNAMIC`, or`BOTH` must be provided if `vpn_mode` is `ROUTE_BASED` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--routing_options))
- `tunnels_per_gateway` (Number) The number of tunnels per gateway instance. Default is `1`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `implicit_group_id` (Number) The ID of implicit group automaticaly created with the connector.
- `provision_state` (String) The provision state of the connector.

<a id="nestedblock--gateway"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gateway`

Required:

- `customer_gateway_ip` (String) The IP address of the customer gateway. This should be `0.0.0.0` to signify that this is a dynamic gateway.
- `name` (String) The name of the endpoint.
- `tunnel` (Block List, Min: 1) Tunnel of the gateway. The number of the tunnels should be equal to `tunnel_per_gateway`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--gateway--tunnel))

Optional:

- `ha_mode` (String) The value could be `ACTIVE` or`STANDBY`. A gateway in `STANDBY` mode will not be used for traffic unless all other gateway for the connector are down. There can only be one gateway in `STANDBY` mode per connector and there must be at least one gateway that isn't in `STANDBY` mode per connector.

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The ID of the gateway.

<a id="nestedblock--gateway--tunnel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gateway.tunnel`

Required:

- `customer_end_overlay_ip_reservation_id` (String) The overlay IP reservation ID of the customer end of the tunnel.
- `cxp_end_overlay_ip_reservation_id` (String) The overlay IP reservation ID of the CXP end of the tunnel.
- `cxp_end_public_ip_reservation_id` (String) The public IP reservation ID of the CXP end of the tunnel.
- `number` (Number) The number of the tunnel.
- `preshared_key` (String) The preshared key of the tunnel

Optional:

- `advanced_options` (Block List, Max: 1) Advanced options for the IPSec gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--gateway--tunnel--advanced_options))
- `profile_id` (Number) The profile ID of the tunnel.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the tunnel.

<a id="nestedblock--gateway--tunnel--advanced_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gateway.tunnel.advanced_options`

Required:

- `dpd_delay` (Number) Interval to check the liveness of a peer.
- `dpd_timeout` (Number) Timeouts to check the liveness of a peer. IKEv1 only.
- `esp_dh_group_numbers` (List of String) Diffie Hellman groups to use for IPsec SA. Value could `MODP1024`, `MODP2048`, `MODP3072`, `MODP4096`, `MODP6144`, `MODP8192`, `ECP256`, `ECP384`, `ECP521` and `CURVE25519`.
- `esp_encryption_algorithms` (List of String) Encryption algorithms to use for IPsec SA. Value could be `AES256CBC`, `AES192CBC`, `AES128CBC`, `AES256GCM16` `3DESCBC`, or `NULL`.
- `esp_integrity_algorithms` (List of String) Integrity algorithms to use for IPsec SA. Value could `SHA1`, `SHA256`, `SHA384`, `SHA512` or `MD5`.
- `esp_life_time` (Number) Maximum IPsec ESP lifetimeif the IPsec ESP does not rekey.
- `esp_random_time` (Number) Time range from which to choose a random value to subtract from rekey times in seconds.
- `esp_rekey_time` (Number) IPsec SA rekey time in seconds.
- `ike_dh_group_numbers` (List of String) Diffie Hellman groups to use for IKE SA, one of `MODP1024`, `MODP2048`, `MODP3072`, `MODP4096`, `MODP6144`, `MODP8192`, `ECP256`, `ECP384`, `ECP521`, `CURVE25519`.
- `ike_encryption_algorithms` (List of String) Encryption algorithms to use for IKE SA, one of `AES256CBC`, `AES192CBC`,`AES128CBC` and `3DESCBC`.
- `ike_integrity_algorithms` (List of String) Integrity algorithms to use for IKE SA, one of `SHA1`, `SHA256`, `SHA384`, `SHA512`.
- `ike_over_time` (Number) Maximum IKE SA lifetime if the IKE SA does not rekey.
- `ike_random_time` (Number) Time range from which to choose a random value to subtract from rekey times.
- `ike_rekey_time` (Number) IKE tunnel rekey time.
- `ike_version` (String) IKE version, either `IKEv1` or `IKEv2`
- `initiator` (Boolean) When true CXP will initiate the IKE connection and if false then the customer gateway should initiate IKE. When `gateway_ip_type` is `DYNAMIC`,initiator must be `true`.
- `local_auth_type` (String) Local-ID type - IKE identity to use for authentication round, one of `FQDN`, `USER_FQDN`, `KEYID`, `IP_ADDR`.
- `local_auth_value` (String) Local-ID value.
- `remote_auth_type` (String) Remote-ID type - IKE identity to use for authentication round, one of `FQDN`, `USER_FQDN`, `KEYID`, `IP_ADDR`.
- `remote_auth_value` (String) Remote-ID value.
- `replay_window_size` (Number) IPsec replay window for the IPsec SA.




<a id="nestedblock--policy_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy_options`

Required:

- `branch_ts_prefix_list_ids` (Set of Number) Branch Prefix List IDs.
- `cxp_ts_prefix_list_ids` (Set of Number) CXP Prefix List IDs.


<a id="nestedblock--routing_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routing_options`

Required:

- `type` (String) Routing type, one of `STATIC`, `DYNAMIC`, or `BOTH`.

Optional:

- `availability` (String) The method to determine the availability of the routes. The value could be `IKE_STATUS` or `IPSEC_INTERFACE_PING`. Default value is `IPSEC_INTERFACE_PING`.
- `bgp_auth_key` (String) BGP MD5 auth key for Alkira to authenticate Alkira CXP (On Premise Gateway).
- `customer_gateway_asn` (String) The customer gateway ASN to use for dynamic route propagation.
- `prefix_list_id` (Number) The ID of prefix list to use for static route propagation.


