---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "alkira_connector_cisco_ftdv Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage Cisco FTDv Connector. (BETA)
---

# alkira_connector_cisco_ftdv (Resource)

Manage Cisco FTDv Connector. (**BETA**)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "alkira_connector_cisco_ftdv" "cisco_ftdv" {
  name                = "FtdvFirewalll"
  auto_scale          = "OFF"
  size                = "SMALL"
  tunnel_protocol     = "IPSEC"
  cxp                 = "US-WEST"
  max_instance_count  = 1
  min_instance_count  = 1
  ip_allow_list       = ["192.168.3.3"]

  global_cidr_list_id = alkira_list_global_cidr.checkpoint_cidr.id
  segment_ids = [alkira_segment.tftest1.id, alkira_segment.tftest2.id]

  username = "user1"
  password = "Abcd1234567"

  management_server {
    fmc_ip       = "1.1.1.1"
    segment_name = "ciscoftdv"
    segment_id   = alkira_segment.tftest1.id
  }

  instances {
    admin_password       = "Abcd@12345"
    fmc_registration_key = "abcd12345"
    ftdv_nat_id          = "abcd1234"
    version              = "7.2.1-40"
    license_type         = "BRING_YOUR_OWN"
  }

  segment_options {
    segment_id = alkira_segment.tftest1.id
    zone_name  = "zone1"
  }
  segment_options {
    segment_id = alkira_segment.tftest2.id
    zone_name  = "zone2"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cxp` (String) The CXP where the connector should be provisioned.
- `global_cidr_list_id` (Number) The ID of the global cidr list to be associated with the management server. The global cidr list must be tagged with `CISCO FTDV`.CIDR must be at least /25.
- `instances` (Block Set, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--instances))
- `management_server` (Block Set, Min: 1) The Firepower Management Server options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--management_server))
- `max_instance_count` (Number) The maximum number of Cisco FTDv instances that should be deployed.
- `name` (String) The name of the connector.
- `password` (String) Firepower Management Server password.
- `segment_ids` (List of String) IDs of segments associated with the service.
- `size` (String) The size of the connector, one of `SMALL`, `MEDIUM`, `LARGE`, `2LARGE`.
- `username` (String) Firepower Management Server username.

### Optional

- `auto_scale` (String) Indicate if `auto_scale` should be enabled for your Cisco FTDv connector. `ON` and `OFF` are accepted values. `OFF` is the default if field is omitted.
- `billing_tag_ids` (List of Number) IDs of Billing Tags.
- `ip_allow_list` (List of String) List of IP Addresses and CIDRs to access the Firepower Management Center.
- `min_instance_count` (Number) The minimum number of Cisco FTDv instances that should be deployed.
- `segment_options` (Block Set) The segment options used by the Cisco FTDv. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--segment_options))
- `tunnel_protocol` (String) The tunnel protocol. Default is `IPSEC`

### Read-Only

- `credential_id` (String) An opaque identifier generated when storing Cisco FTDv credentials.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances`

Required:

- `admin_password` (String) Cisco Firepower Firewall instance admin password.
- `fmc_registration_key` (String) Cisco Firepower Firewall instance registration key.
- `license_type` (String) Cisco Firepower Firewall instance license type, either `BRING_YOUR_OWN` or `PAY_AS_YOU_GO`.
- `version` (String) The version of the Cisco Firepower Firewall instance.

Optional:

- `ftdv_nat_id` (String) ID of NAT which FTDv Services sit behind.
- `hostname` (String) Name of the Cisco Firepower Firewall instance. If empty will use Cisco FTDv `name` field.

Read-Only:

- `credential_id` (String) An opaque identifier generated when storing Cisco Firepower Firewall instance credentials.
- `id` (Number) ID of the Cisco Firepower Firewall instance.
- `internal_name` (String) Generated internal name when storing Cisco Firepower Firewall instance.
- `state` (String) Internal state of the Cisco Firepower Firewall instance.


<a id="nestedblock--management_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `management_server`

Required:

- `fmc_ip` (String) IP address of the Firepower Management Server.
- `segment_id` (Number) ID of the segment accociated with the Firepower Management Server.
- `segment_name` (String) Name of the segment associated with the Firepower Management Server.


<a id="nestedblock--segment_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `segment_options`

Required:

- `segment_id` (Number) ID of the segment.
- `zone_name` (String) The name of the associated zone.

Optional:

- `groups` (List of String) The list of Groups associated with the zone.


