---
page_title: "alkira_connector_internet_exit Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage Internet Exit Connector.
---

# alkira_connector_internet_exit (Resource)

Manage Internet Exit Connector.

An internet exit is an exit from the CXP to the internet and allows
the traffic from the various Users & Sites or Cloud Connectors to flow
towards the Internet.

## Example Usage

To create `connector_internet_exit`, `alkira_segment` is always
required.

```terraform
resource "alkira_connector_internet_exit" "test1" {
  name       = "test1"
  cxp        = "US-WEST"
  group      = "group1"
  segment_id = alkira_segment.test.id
  size       = "SMALL"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cxp` (String) The CXP where the connector should be provisioned.
- `name` (String) The name of the connector.
- `segment_id` (String) ID of segment associated with the connector.

### Optional

- `billing_tag_ids` (Set of Number) IDs of billing tags to be associated with the connector.
- `byoip_id` (Number) ID of the BYOIP to be associated with the connector.
- `description` (String) The description of the connector.
- `egress_ips` (List of String) The types of egress IPs to use with the connector. Current options are `ALKIRA_PUBLIC_IP` or `BYOIP`. If `BYOIP` is one of the options provided `byoip_id` must also be set.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Is the connector enabled. Default is `true`.
- `group` (String) The group of the connector.
- `public_ip_number` (Number) The number of the public IPs to the connector. Default is `2`.
- `traffic_distribution_algorithm` (String) The type of the algorithm to be used for traffic distribution.Currently, only `HASHING` is supported.
- `traffic_distribution_algorithm_attribute` (String) The attributes depends on the algorithm. For now, it's either `DEFAULT` or `SRC_IP`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `implicit_group_id` (Number) The ID of implicit group automaticaly created with the connector.
- `provision_state` (String) The provision state of the connector.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import alkira_connector_internet_exit.example CONNECTOR_ID
```
