---
page_title: "alkira_connector_aruba_edge Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage Aruba Edge Connector
---

# alkira_connector_aruba_edge (Resource)

Manage Aruba Edge Connector

## Example Usage

Please check Alkira Portal for the latest supported version. For each
CXP, the supported version could be different. The version should be
in the same format as in the example:

```terraform
resource "alkira_connector_aruba_edge" "test1" {
  boost_mode      = false
  cxp             = "US-WEST"
  group           = alkira_group.test.name
  name            = "thisisanewname"
  size            = "SMALL"
  tunnel_protocol = "IPSEC"
  version         = "9.0.3.3"

  aruba_edge_vrf_mapping {
    segment_id                 = alkira_segment.test1.id
    aruba_edge_connect_segment = "aruba_edge_segment_name"
    gateway_bgp_asn            = 88
  }

  instances {
    account_name = "aruba-edge-account-name3"
    account_key  = "accountkey555555555"
    host_name    = "alkira.net2"
    name         = "instance2-aruba-edge1"
    site_tag     = "site_tag2"
  }

  instances {
    account_name = "aruba-edge-account-name5"
    account_key  = "accountkey33333333"
    host_name    = "alkira.net5"
    name         = "instance1-aruba-edge5"
    site_tag     = "site_tag5"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `aruba_edge_vrf_mapping` (Block Set, Min: 1) The connector will accept multiple segments as a part of VRF mappings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--aruba_edge_vrf_mapping))
- `cxp` (String) The CXP where the connector should be provisioned.
- `instances` (Block List, Min: 1) The Aruba Edge connector instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--instances))
- `name` (String) The name of the connector.
- `size` (String) The size of the connector, one of `SMALL`, `MEDIUM` or `LARGE`.
- `version` (String) The version of the Aruba Edge. Please check Alkira Portal for all supported versions.

### Optional

- `billing_tag_ids` (Set of Number) Billing tags to be associated with the resource. (see resource `alkira_billing_tag`).
- `boost_mode` (Boolean) If enabled the Aruba Edge Connect image supporting the boost mode for given size(or bandwidth) would be deployed in Alkira CXP. The default value is false.
- `description` (String) The description of the connector.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the connector is enabled. Default is `true`.
- `group` (String) The group of the connector.
- `tunnel_protocol` (String) The tunnel protocol to be used. IPSEC and GRE are the only valid options. IPSEC can only be used with azure. GRE can only be used with AWS. IPSEC is the default selection.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `implicit_group_id` (Number) The ID of implicit group automaticaly created with the connector.
- `provision_state` (String) The provision state of the connector.

<a id="nestedblock--aruba_edge_vrf_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aruba_edge_vrf_mapping`

Required:

- `aruba_edge_connect_segment` (String) The segment of the Aruba Edge connector.
- `gateway_bgp_asn` (Number) The gateway BGP ASN.
- `segment_id` (String) The segment ID associated with the Aruba Edge connector.

Optional:

- `advertise_default_route` (Boolean) Enables or disables access to the internet when traffic arrives via this connector. The default value is `false`.
- `advertise_on_prem_routes` (Boolean) Allow routes from the branch/premises to be advertised to the cloud. The default value is False.


<a id="nestedblock--instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances`

Required:

- `account_key` (String) The account key generated in Silver Peak orchestrator account.
- `account_name` (String) The account name given in Silver Peak orchestrator registration.
- `host_name` (String) The host name given to the Aruba SD-WAN appliance that appears in Silver Peak orchestrator.
- `name` (String) The instance name associated with Aruba Edge Connect instance.
- `site_tag` (String) The site tag that appears on the SD-WAN appliance on Silver Peak orchestrator

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The ID of the endpoint.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import alkira_connector_aruba_edge.example CONNECTOR_ID
```
