---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "alkira_flow_collector Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage flow collector.
---

# alkira_flow_collector (Resource)

Manage flow collector.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "alkira_flow_collector" "test" {
  name        = "test"
  description = "test"
  enabled     = false

  cxps             = [var.cxp]
  destination_ip   = "172.16.0.1"
  destination_port = "2379"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cxps` (List of String) A list of CXPs where the collector should be provisioned for flow collecting.
- `destination_port` (Number) The destination port of the flow collector where flow would be sent.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the flow collector is enabled.
- `name` (String) The name of the flow collector.

### Optional

- `collector_type` (String) The type of the flow collector.
- `description` (String) The description of the flow collector.
- `destination_fqdn` (String) The destination FQDN of the flow collector where flow would be sent. Either `destination_ip` or `destination_fqdn` are required.
- `destination_ip` (String) The destination IP of the flow collector where flow would be sent. Either `destination_ip` or `destination_fqdn` are required.
- `export_type` (String) The flow records export type. Only `IPFIX` is supported for now.
- `flow_record_template_id` (Number) The flow records template ID. Currently only default template ID `1` is supported
- `segment_id` (String) The segment on which flow export destination is reachable. This should not be specified when destination is reachable via internet. Also, segment can only be used when `destination_ip` is provided, `destination_fqdn` is not supported.
- `transport_protocol` (String) The transport protocol to send the flow records to destination.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `provision_state` (String) The provisioning state of the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import alkira_flow_collector.example COLLECTOR_ID
```
