---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "alkira_fortinet Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage Fortinet firewall.
---

# alkira_fortinet (Resource)

Manage Fortinet firewall.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **credential_id** (String) ID of Fortinet Firewall credential managed by credential resource.
- **cxp** (String) The CXP where the service should be provisioned.
- **instances** (Block Set, Min: 1) An array containing properties for each Fortinet Firewall instance that needs to be deployed. The number of instances should be equal to max_instance_count. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--instances))
- **license_type** (String) Fortinet license type, either `BRING_YOUR_OWN` or `PAY_AS_YOU_GO`.
- **management_server_ip** (String) The IP addresses used to access the management server.
- **management_server_segment** (String) The segment used to access the management server. This segment must be present in the list of segments assigned to this Fortinet Firewall service.
- **max_instance_count** (Number) The maximum number of Fortinet Firewall instances that should be deployed when auto-scale is enabled. Note that auto-scale is not supported with Fortinet at this time. max_instance_count must be greater than or equal to min_instance_count.
- **name** (String) Name of the Fortinet Firewall service.
- **segment_names** (List of String) Names of segments associated with the service.
- **size** (String) The size of the service, one of `SMALL`, `MEDIUM`, `LARGE`.
- **version** (String) The version of the Fortinet Firewall.

### Optional

- **auto_scale** (String) Indicate if auto_scale should be enabled for your Fortinet firewall. `ON` and `OFF` are accepted values. `OFF` is the default if field is omitted
- **billing_tag_ids** (List of Number) Billing tag IDs to associate with the service.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **min_instance_count** (Number) The minimum number of Fortinet Firewall instances that should be  deployed at any point in time.
- **tunnel_protocol** (String) Tunnel Protocol, default to `IPSEC`, could be either `IPSEC` or `GRE`.

<a id="nestedblock--instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances`

Required:

- **name** (String) The name of the Fortinet Firewall instance.

Optional:

- **credential_id** (String) The id of the Fortinet Firewall instance credentials. Required only when licenseType is BRING_YOUR_OWN.
- **serial_number** (String) The serial_number of the Fortinet Firewall instance. Required only when licenseType is BRING_YOUR_OWN.


