---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "alkira_internet_application Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage Internet Application.
  The internet facing applications could be used with bothUsers & Sites or Cloud Connectors.
---

# alkira_internet_application (Resource)

Manage Internet Application.

The internet facing applications could be used with bothUsers & Sites or Cloud Connectors.

## Example Usage

```terraform
#
# A simple internet facing application that assumes that
# "alkira_connector_aws_vpc" and "alkira_segment" was already created.
#
resource "alkira_internet_application" "test" {
  name           = "test-ifa"
  connector_id   = alkira_connector_aws_vpc.test.id
  connector_type = "AWS_VPC"
  fqdn_prefix    = "tfexample"
  segment_id     = alkira_segment.seg1.id
  size           = "SMALL"

  target {
    type = "IP"
    value = "192.168.1.1"
    ports = [1200]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connector_id` (Number) Connector ID.
- `connector_type` (String) Connector Type.
- `fqdn_prefix` (String) User provided FQDN prefix that will be published on route53.
- `name` (String) The name of the internet application.
- `segment_id` (Number) The ID of segment associated with the internet application.
- `size` (String) The size of the internet application, one of `SMALL`, `MEDIUM` and `LARGE`.
- `target` (Block Set, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--target))

### Optional

- `billing_tag_ids` (List of Number) IDs of billing tags.
- `byoip_id` (Number) BYOIP ID.
- `inbound_connector_id` (String) Inbound connector ID. When `inbound_connector_type` is `DEFAULT`, it could be left empty.
- `inbound_connector_type` (String) The inbound connector type specifies how the internet application is to be opened up to the external world. By `DEFAULT` the native cloud internet connector is used. In this scenario, Alkira takes care of creating this inbound internet connector implicitly. If instead inbound access is via the `AKAMAI_PROLEXIC` connector, then you need to create and configure that connector and use it with the internet application.
- `internet_protocol` (String) Internet Protocol to be associated with the internet application. The value could be: `IPV4`, `IPV6` or `BOTH`. In order to use the option IPV6 or BOTH, `enable_ipv6_to_ipv4_translation` should be enabled on the associated segment and a valid IP pool range should be provided. `IPV6` and `BOTH` options are only available to Internet Applications on AWS CXPs. (**BETA**)
- `public_ips` (List of String) This option pertains to the `AKAMAI_PROLEXIC` inbound_connector_type. The public IPs are to be used to access the internet application. These public IPs must belong to one of the BYOIP ranges configured for the Akamai Prolexic Connector.

### Read-Only

- `group_id` (Number) ID of the auto generated system group.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target`

Required:

- `port_ranges` (List of String) list of ports or port ranges. Values can be mixed i.e. `['20', '100-200']`. An array with only the value '-1' means any port.
- `type` (String) The type of the target, one of `IP` or `ILB_NAME`.
- `value` (String) IFA ILB name or private IP.


