---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "alkira_ip_reservation Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provide IP Reservation resource.
---

# alkira_ip_reservation (Resource)

Provide IP Reservation resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "alkira_ip_reservation" "test" {
  name                = "test"
  type                = "OVERLAY"
  prefix              = "169.254.200.0/30"
  prefix_type         = "APIPA"
  first_ip_assignment = "CUSTOMER"
  node_id             = "d70503d2-1a99-4084-8aae-8268e2764365"
  scale_group_id      = "99a6f3db-02d5-4189-8b0a-352eaeda2e10"
  segment_id          = alkira_segment.test.id
  cxp                 = "US-WEST"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cxp` (String) The CXP of the IP Reservation.
- `name` (String) The name of the IP Reservation.
- `prefix_type` (String) The IP Prefix type of the IP Reservation. The value could be `SEGMENT`, `APIPA`, `AZURE_APIPA` and `PUBLIC`.
- `scale_group_id` (String) The ID of the Scale Group.
- `segment_id` (String) The segment ID which the IP Reservation is to be used.
- `type` (String) The type of the IP Reservation. The value could be either `PUBLIC` or `OVERLAY`. `PUBLIC` could be only created by Alkira.

### Optional

- `first_ip_assignment` (String) The value could be either `CUSTOMER` or `CXP`. This is required when `prefix_len` is `30` or the `prefix` is a `/30`. This field determines which IP from the given or the computed `/30` prefix is assigned to the customer end of the tunnel and which IP is assigned to the CXP end of the tunnel.
- `node_id` (String) The ID of the node that the IP Reservation is assigned to. This must be provided when the given or computed `prefix` is `/30`. When the `prefix` is `/32`then this field determines whether the IP address will be assigned to the customer end or the CXP end.
- `prefix` (String) The IP Prefix of the IP Reservation. If this is specified, both `prefix_type` and `prefix_len` will be ignored.
- `prefix_len` (Number) The IP Prefix length of the IP Reservation.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `provision_state` (String) The provisioning state of the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import alkira_ip_reservation.example ID
```
