---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "alkira_peering_gateway_aws_tgw_attachment Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage Peering Gateway AWS TGW Attachment.
---

# alkira_peering_gateway_aws_tgw_attachment (Resource)

Manage Peering Gateway AWS TGW Attachment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "alkira_peering_gateway_aws_tgw_attachment" "test" {
  name                          = "test"
  description                   = "test"
  peering_gateway_aws_tgw_id    = alkira_peering_gateway_aws_tgw.test.id
  requestor                     = "CXP"
  peer_aws_region               = "us-west-1"
  peer_aws_tgw_id               = "tgw-08ffaxxxx"
  peer_aws_account_id           = "0123456789"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the attachment.
- `peer_aws_account_id` (String) The AWS account ID of TGW.
- `peering_gateway_aws_tgw_id` (Number) The ID of Peering Gateway AWS-TGW.
- `requestor` (String) Initiator of transit gateway attachment.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the attachment.
- `peer_allowed_prefixes` (List of String) List of allowed CIDR prefixes for the peer.
- `peer_aws_region` (String) The AWS region of the peer TGW.
- `peer_aws_tgw_id` (String) The ID of AWS TGW.
- `peer_direct_connect_gateway_id` (String) The AWS Direct Connect Gateway ID.
- `type` (String) The type of attachment. Can be one of `AWS_TRANSIT_GATEWAY` and `AWS_DIRECT_CONNECT_GATEWAY`.

### Read-Only

- `direct_connect_gateway_association_proposal_created_at` (Number) Timestamp indicating when direct connect gateway association proposal was created
- `direct_connect_gateway_association_proposal_id` (String) id of latest direct connect gateway association proposal created by AWS_DIRECT_CONNECT_GATEWAY create/update
- `direct_connect_gateway_association_proposal_state` (String) State of latest direct connect gateway association proposal created by AWS_DIRECT_CONNECT_GATEWAY create/update
- `direct_connect_gateway_association_proposal_updated_at` (Number) Timestamp indicating when direct connect gateway association proposal was last updated
- `failure_reason` (String) Failure reason if there is any failure in creation/deletion
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `state` (String) The state of the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import alkira_peering_gateway_aws_tgw_attachment.example RESOURCE_ID
```
