---
page_title: "alkira_peering_gateway_cxp Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage CXP Peering Gateways.
---

# alkira_peering_gateway_cxp (Resource)

Manage CXP Peering Gateways.

~> **NOTE** this resource could NOT be updated after its creation. If you need
to change anything of the resource, please destroy the resource and recreate.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "alkira_peering_gateway_cxp" "example-cxp-gateway" {
  name         = "example-cxp-gateway"
  description  = "Example CXP Peering Gateway"
  cloud_region = "useast"
  cxp          = "US-EAST-1"
  segment_id   = alkira_segment.example-segment.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud_region` (String) The region of the specified cloud provider on which the resource should be created. E.g. if `cloud_provider` is `AZURE`, the region could be like `eastus`.
- `cxp` (String) The CXP to which the Gateway is attached.
- `name` (String) The name of the Peering Gateway.
- `segment_id` (String) The ID of the segment that is associated with the resource.

### Optional

- `cloud_provider` (String) The cloud provider where this resource will be created. The default value is `AZURE` and only `AZURE` is supported for now.
- `description` (String) Description of the resource.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `metadata` (List of Object) Metadata information available once the Peering Gateway is in ACTIVE state. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `state` (String) The state of the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Read-Only:

- `guest_email` (String)
- `ilb_ip_address` (String)
- `resource_group` (String)
- `subscription_id` (String)
- `vnet_name` (String)
- `vnet_resource_id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import alkira_peering_gateway_cxp.example RESOURCE_ID
```
