---
page_title: "alkira_policy_rule Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage policy rule.
  This resource is usually used along with policy resources:policy_prefix_list, policy_rule_list and policycontrol the network traffic.
---

# alkira_policy_rule (Resource)

Manage policy rule.

This resource is usually used along with policy resources:`policy_prefix_list`, `policy_rule_list` and `policy`control the network traffic.

## Example Usage

Simple example of a DROP rule.

```terraform
resource "alkira_policy_rule" "rule" {
  name          = "test-rule"
  description   = "Test Rule"
  src_ip        = "any"
  dst_ip        = "172.16.0.0/16"
  dscp          = "any"
  protocol      = "any"
  src_ports     = ["any"]
  dst_ports     = ["any"]
  rule_action   = "DROP"
}
```

To configure service chaining, multiple service types can be selected. Service chaining is currently supported only with PAN and Zscaler services.

```terraform
resource "alkira_policy_rule" "rule" {
  name          = "test-rule"
  description   = "Test Rule"
  src_ip        = "any"
  dst_ip        = "172.16.0.0/16"
  dscp          = "any"
  protocol      = "any"
  src_ports     = ["any"]
  dst_ports     = ["any"]
  rule_action   = "ALLOW"
  rule_action_service_types = ["PAN","ZIA"]
}
```

Another example of service chaining. The order of the services is important and PAN services must be followed by Zscaler services. In the below example, 1 & 2 are PAN serviceIds where as 3 is a Zscaler serviceId.

```terraform
resource "alkira_policy_rule" "rule" {
  name          = "test-rule"
  description   = "Test Rule"
  src_ip        = "any"
  dst_ip        = "172.16.0.0/16"
  dscp          = "any"
  protocol      = "any"
  src_ports     = ["any"]
  dst_ports     = ["any"]
  rule_action   = "ALLOW"
  rule_action_service_ids = [1,2,3]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dscp` (String) The dscp value can be `any` or between `0` to `63` inclusive.
- `name` (String) The name of the policy rule.
- `protocol` (String) The following protocols are supported, `icmp`, `tcp`, `udp` or `any`.

### Optional

- `application_ids` (List of Number)
- `description` (String) The description of the policy rule.
- `dst_ip` (String) A single destination IP as The match condition of the rule.
- `dst_ports` (List of String) Destination ports that can take values: `any` or `1` to `65535`.
- `dst_prefix_list_id` (Number) The ID of prefix list as destination associated with the rule.
- `internet_application_id` (Number) The ID of the `internet_application` associated with the rule. When an internet applciation is selected, destination IP and port will be the private IP and port of the application.
- `rule_action` (String) The action that is applied on matched traffic, either `ALLOW` or `DROP`. The default value is `ALLOW`.
- `rule_action_flow_collector_ids` (List of Number) Based on the flow collector IDs, flows observed would be collected and sent to configured destination.
- `rule_action_service_ids` (List of Number) Based on the service IDs, traffic is routed to the specified services. For service chaining, both `service_pan` and `service_zscaler`'s IDs can be added here, but ID of `service_pan` must be by followed by ID of `service_zscaler`.
- `rule_action_service_types` (List of String) Based on the service type, traffic is routed to service of the given type. For service chaining, both PAN and ZIA service types can be selected but must follow order.
- `src_ip` (String) A single source IP as The match condition of the rule.
- `src_ports` (List of String) Source ports that can take values: `any` or `1` to `65535`.
- `src_prefix_list_id` (Number) The ID of prefix list as source associated with the rule.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `provision_state` (String) The provision state of the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import alkira_policy_rule.example RULE_ID
```
