---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "alkira_policy_nat_rule Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage policy NAT rule.
  This resource is usually used along with policy resources:policy_nat_policy.
---

# alkira_policy_nat_rule (Resource)

Manage policy NAT rule.

This resource is usually used along with policy resources:`policy_nat_policy`.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `action` (Block Set, Min: 1) The action of the rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--action))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable the rule or not.
- `match` (Block Set, Min: 1) Match condition for the rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--match))
- `name` (String) The name of the policy rule.

### Optional

- `category` (String) The category of NAT rule. The value could be `DEFAULT` or `INTERNET_CONNECTOR`. Default value is `DEFAULT`.
- `description` (String) The description of the policy rule.
- `direction` (String) The direction of NAT rule. The value could be `INBOUND` or `OUTBOUND`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `provision_state` (String) the provision state of the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action`

Optional:

- `dst_addr_translation_advertise_to_connector` (Boolean) Whether the destination address should be advertised to connector.
- `dst_addr_translation_list_policy_fqdn_id` (Number) The ID of policy FQDN list.
- `dst_addr_translation_ports` (List of String) The port list to translate the destination prefixes to.
- `dst_addr_translation_prefix_list_ids` (List of Number) The list of prefix list IDs.
- `dst_addr_translation_prefixes` (List of String) The list of prefixes.
- `dst_addr_translation_routing_invalidate_prefixes` (Boolean) Whether to invalidate the track prefixes. Default value is `false`.
- `dst_addr_translation_routing_track_prefix_list_ids` (List of Number) The list of prefix list IDs to track.
- `dst_addr_translation_routing_track_prefixes` (List of String) The list of prefixes to track.
- `dst_addr_translation_type` (String) The translation type are: `STATIC_IP`, `STATIC_IP_AND_PORT` , `STATIC_PORT` and `NONE`. Default value is `NONE`.
- `egress_type` (String) The egress type to use with the match. Options are are `ALKIRA_PUBLIC_IP` or `BYOIP`.
- `src_addr_translation_match_and_invalidate` (Boolean) Whether the translation match and invalidate. Default is `true`.
- `src_addr_translation_prefix_list_ids` (List of Number) The list of prefix list IDs.
- `src_addr_translation_prefixes` (List of String) The list of prefixes.
- `src_addr_translation_routing_track_invalidate_prefixes` (Boolean) Whether to invalidate the track prefixes. Default value is `false`.
- `src_addr_translation_routing_track_prefix_list_ids` (List of Number) The list of prefix list IDs.
- `src_addr_translation_routing_track_prefixes` (List of String) The list of prefixes to track.
- `src_addr_translation_type` (String) The translation type are: `STATIC_IP`, `DYNAMIC_IP_AND_PORT` and `NONE`. Default value is `NONE`.


<a id="nestedblock--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `match`

Required:

- `protocol` (String) The following protocols are supported, `icmp`, `tcp`, `udp` or `any`.

Optional:

- `dst_ports` (List of String) The list of ports for destination.
- `dst_prefix_list_ids` (List of Number) The list of prefix IDs as destination.
- `dst_prefixes` (List of String) The list of prefixes for destination.
- `src_ports` (List of String) The list of ports for source.
- `src_prefix_list_ids` (List of Number) The list of prefix IDs as source.
- `src_prefixes` (List of String) The list of prefixes for source.
