---
page_title: "alkira_policy Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage policy.
---

# alkira_policy (Resource)

Manage policy.


## Including Connector in Policy

When each connector was created, there will be an `implicit_group`
automatically created along with the connector. This group could be
used in policy like the normal `group`.

The following connectors have the `implicit_group` created
automatically:

* alkira_connector_azure_expressroute
* alkira_connector_akamai_prolexic
* alkira_connector_gcp_vpc
* alkira_connector_ipsec
* alkira_connector_azure_vnet
* alkira_connector_aws_vpc
* alkira_connector_ipsec_adv
* alkira_connector_aruba_edge
* alkira_connector_cisco_sdwan
* alkira_connector_internet_exit
* alkira_connector_oci_vcn

The field is also available from `data_source`.

## Example Usage

`alkira_policy` always has dependency on resource
`alkira_policy_rule_list` and `alkira_policy_rule`. Please refer to
resource's page for example usage.

```terraform
resource "alkira_policy" "test" {
  name         = "test-policy"
  description  = "test policy"
  enabled      = "false"
  from_groups  = ["-1"]
  to_groups    = ["-1"]
  rule_list_id = alkira_policy_rule_list.test.id
  segment_ids  = [alkira_segment.test.id]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the policy is enabled.
- `from_groups` (List of Number) IDs of groups that will define source in the policy scope
- `name` (String) The name of the policy.
- `rule_list_id` (Number) The `rulelist` that will be used by the policy.
- `segment_ids` (List of Number) IDs of segments that will define the policy scope.
- `to_groups` (List of Number) IDs of groups that will define destination in the policy scope.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the policy.
- `zta_profile_ids` (List of String) IDs of zta profiles that will define a match in the policy scope.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `provision_state` (String) The provision state of the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import alkira_policy.example POLICY_ID
```
