---
page_title: "alkira_segment_resource Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage segment resource.
---

# alkira_segment_resource (Resource)

Manage segment resource.

To use this resource, you will need to use or create resource
`alkira_group`, `alkira_segment` and `alkira_policy_prefix_list`
firstly.

There could be multiple `group_prefix` section defined as needed. The
`group_prefix` should be defined like this:

* **ANY -> ANY**: where `group_id` must be `-1` and prefix_list_id
must be `-1`. When an **ANY -> ANY** mapping is present then it should
be the only mapping in the `group_prefix`.

* **EXPLICIT Group -> ANY**: where `group_id` must be the ID of group
of type `EXPLICIT` and `prefix_list_id` MUST be `-1`.

* **IMPLICIT Group -> ANY**: where `group_id` must be the ID of group
of type `IMPLICIT`, this is also known as a Connector Group and
`prefix_list_id` must be `-1`. If an `IMPLICIT` group is mapped to ANY
`prefix_list_id`, then an IMPLICIT Group -> `prefix_list_id` must NOT
be present in `group_prefix`.

* **IMPLICIT Group -> PrefixList ID**: where `group_id` must be the ID
of group of type `IMPLICIT` and `prefix_list_id` MUST be the ID of an
existing `prefix_list_id`.

* SERVICE Group -> ANY: where `group_id` must be the ID of group of
type `SERVICE` and `prefix_list_id` MUST be -1.,

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "alkira_segment_resource" "example" {
  name       = "example"
  segment_id = alkira_segment.example.id

  group_prefix {
    group_id       = -1
    prefix_list_id = -1
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_prefix` (Block Set, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--group_prefix))
- `name` (String) The name of the segment resource.
- `segment_id` (String) The segment ID.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the segment resource.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `implicit_group_id` (Number) The ID of automatically created implicit group.
- `provision_state` (String) The provision state of the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--group_prefix"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group_prefix`

Optional:

- `group_id` (Number) The connector group ID associated with the segment resource.
- `prefix_list_id` (Number) The Prefix List ID associated with the segment resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import alkira_segment_resource.example SEGMENT_RESOURCE_ID
```
