---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "alkira_segment_resource_share Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages segment resource share.
  Select resources to share between Resource End-A in a segment and Resource End-B in another segment.
---

# alkira_segment_resource_share (Resource)

Manages segment resource share.

Select resources to share between Resource End-A in a segment and Resource End-B in another segment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
#
# This example assumes that alkira_segment "test1", alkira_segment_resource "test1" and
# "test2" are created separately.
#
resource "alkira_segment_resource_share" "test" {
  name                       = "simple-test"
  designated_segment_id      = alkira_segment.test1.id
  service_ids                = [-1]
  end_a_segment_resource_ids = [alkira_segment_resource.test1.id]
  end_b_segment_resource_ids = [alkira_segment_resource.test2.id]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `designated_segment_id` (String) The designated segment ID.
- `end_a_segment_resource_ids` (List of Number) The End-A segment resource IDs. All segment resources must be on the same segment.
- `end_b_segment_resource_ids` (List of Number) The End-B segment resource IDs. All segment resources must be on the same segment.
- `name` (String) The name of the segment resource share.
- `service_ids` (List of Number) The list of service IDs.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the segment resource.
- `end_a_route_limit` (Number) The End-A route limit. The default value is `100`.
- `end_b_route_limit` (Number) The End-B route limit. The default value is `100`.
- `policy_rule_list_id` (Number) The ID of a `policy_rule_list` that is to be used for the inter-segment policy generated for this resource. (**BETA**)
- `traffic_direction` (String) Specify the direction in which traffic is orignated at both Resource End-A and Resource End-B. The default value is `BIDIRECTIONAL`.
- `traffic_from_end` (String) The end from which traffic originates. This field is only applicable when `traffic_direction` is set to `UNIDIRECTIONAL`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `provision_state` (String) The provision state of the resource.


