---
page_title: "alkira_segment Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages segment.
---

# alkira_segment (Resource)

Manages segment.

A segment is a section of a network isolated from one another to make it possible
to more effectively control who has access to what. Segmentation also allows for
segregation of resources between segments for security and isolation purposes.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "alkira_segment" "test" {
  name  = "test-segment"
  asn   = "65513"
  cidrs = ["10.16.1.0/24", "10.1.1.0/24"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cidrs` (List of String) The list of CIDR blocks.
- `name` (String) The name of the segment.

### Optional

- `asn` (Number) The BGP ASN for the segment. Default value is `65514`.
- `description` (String) The description of the segment.
- `enable_ipv6_to_ipv4_translation` (Boolean) Enable IPv6 to IPv4 translation in the segment for internet application traffic. Default is `false`. (**BETA**)
- `enable_overlapping_route_validation` (Boolean) Enable overlapping route validation. Default is `true`. (**BETA**)
- `enterprise_dns_server_ip` (String) The IP of the DNS server used within the segment. This DNS server may be used by the Alkira CXP to resolve the names of LDAP servers for example which are configured on the Remote Access Connector. (**BETA**)
- `reserve_public_ips` (Boolean) Default value is `false`. When this is set to `true`. Alkira reserves public IPs which can be used to create underlay tunnels between an external service and Alkira. For example the reserved public IPs may be used to create tunnels to the Akamai Prolexic. (**BETA**)
- `reserve_public_ips_for_cxps` (Set of String) Alkira reserves public IPs which can be used to create underlay tunnels between an external service to the specified Alkira CXPs. (**BETA**)
- `service_traffic_distribution` (Boolean) Enable traffic distribution in a segment to instances in a service using source IP hashing. When enabled, traffic will be hashed and distributed only by source IP of the packet. Default behavior is based on 5 tuples in a network packet. Default is `false`. (**BETA**)
- `src_ipv4_pool_end_ip` (String) The end IP address of IPv4 pool.
- `src_ipv4_pool_start_ip` (String) The start IP address of IPv4 pool.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `provision_state` (String) The provisioning state of the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import alkira_segment.example SEGMENT_ID
```
