---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "alkira_service_checkpoint Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage checkpoint services
---

# alkira_service_checkpoint (Resource)

Manage checkpoint services

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "alkira_service_checkpoint" "test" {
  name         = "test"

  auto_scale   = "ON"
  cxp          = "US-WEST"
  license_type = "PAY_AS_YOU_GO"
  size         = "SMALL"
  version      = "R80.30"
  pdp_ips      = ["10.0.0.1"]
  password     = "abcd1234"
  segment_id   = alkira_segment.test.id

  # max_instance_count and min_instance_count must equal each other
  # when auto_scale is off.
  max_instance_count = 2
  min_instance_count = 2

  instance {
    name    = "ins1"
    sic_key = "abcd1234"
  }

  instance {
    name    = "ins2"
    sic_key = "abcd12345"
  }

  management_server {
    type                = "MDS"
    configuration_mode  = "AUTOMATED"
    reachability        = "PRIVATE"
    ips                 = ["192.168.3.3"]
    global_cidr_list_id = alkira_list_global_cidr.test.id
    segment_id          = alkira_segment.test.id

    # user_name and management_server_password required only when
    # configuration_mode is AUTOMATED.
    user_name                  = "checkpoint_user"
    management_server_password = "abcd1234"

    # domain only required when configuration_mode is AUTOMATED and
    # when type is MDS.
    domain = "test.alkira.com"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cxp` (String) CXP region.
- `instance` (Block List, Min: 1) An array containing properties for each Checkpoint Firewall instance that needs to be deployed. The number of instances should be equal to `max_instance_count`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--instance))
- `license_type` (String) Checkpoint license type, either `BRING_YOUR_OWN` or `PAY_AS_YOU_GO`.
- `management_server` (Block Set, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--management_server))
- `max_instance_count` (Number) The maximum number of Checkpoint Firewall instances that should be deployed when auto-scale is enabled. Note that auto-scale is not supported with Checkpoint at this time. `max_instance_count` must be greater than or equal to `min_instance_count`. (**BETA**)
- `name` (String) Name of the Checkpoint Firewall service.
- `password` (String) The Checkpoint Firewall service password.
- `segment_id` (String) The ID of the segment associated with the service. Only one segment is supported.
- `size` (String) The size of the service, one of `SMALL`, `MEDIUM`, `LARGE`.
- `version` (String) The version of the Checkpoint Firewall. Please check all supported versions from Alkira Portal.

### Optional

- `auto_scale` (String) Indicate if `auto_scale` should be enabled for your checkpoint firewall. `ON` and `OFF` are accepted values. `OFF` is the default if field is omitted
- `billing_tag_ids` (Set of Number) Billing tags to be associated with the resource. (see resource `alkira_billing_tag`).
- `description` (String) The description of the checkpoint service.
- `min_instance_count` (Number) The minimum number of Checkpoint Firewall instances that should be deployed at any point in time. If auto-scale is OFF, min_instance_count must equal max_instance_count.
- `pdp_ips` (List of String) The IPs of the PDP Brokers.
- `segment_options` (Block Set) The segment options as used by your Checkpoint firewall. No more than one segment option will be accepted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--segment_options))
- `tunnel_protocol` (String) Tunnel Protocol, default to `IPSEC`, could be either `IPSEC` or `GRE`.

### Read-Only

- `credential_id` (String) ID of Checkpoint Firewall credential.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `provision_state` (String) The provision state of the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the checkpoint instance.
- `sic_key` (String) The checkpoint instance sic keys.

Optional:

- `enable_traffic` (Boolean) Enable traffic on the checkpoint instance. Default value is `true`

Read-Only:

- `credential_id` (String) ID of Checkpoint Firewall Instance credential.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the checkpoint instance.


<a id="nestedblock--management_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `management_server`

Required:

- `configuration_mode` (String) The configuration_mode specifies whether the firewall is to be automatically configured by Alkira or not. To automatically configure the firewall Alkira needs access to the CheckPoint management server. If you choose to use manual configuration Alkira will provide the customer information about the Checkpoint instances so that you can manually configure the firewall.
- `global_cidr_list_id` (Number) The ID of the global cidr list to be associated with the management server.
- `ips` (List of String) Management server IPs.
- `type` (String) The type of the management server. either `SMS` or `MDS`.

Optional:

- `domain` (String) Management server domain.
- `password` (String) The password of the management server.
- `reachability` (String) Specifies whether the management server is publicly reachable or not. If the reachability is private then you need to provide the segment to be used to access the management server. Default value is `PUBLIC`.
- `segment_id` (String) The ID of the segment to be used to access the management server.
- `username` (String) The username of the management server.

Read-Only:

- `credential_id` (String) ID of Checkpoint Firewall Management server credential.


<a id="nestedblock--segment_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `segment_options`

Required:

- `segment_id` (String) The ID of the segment.

Optional:

- `groups` (List of String) The list of Groups associated with the zone.
- `zone_name` (String) The name of the associated zone. Default value is `DEFAULT`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import alkira_service_checkpoint.example SERVICE_ID
```
