---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "alkira_service_zscaler Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage Zscaler firewall service.
---

# alkira_service_zscaler (Resource)

Manage Zscaler firewall service.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "alkira_service_zscaler" "test1" {
  alkira_internet_connector_id = alkira_connector_internet_exit.test1.id
  cxp                          = "US-WEST"
  description                  = "This is a test alkirs service zscaler"
  name                         = "extramostbestestname"
  primary_public_edge_ip       = "11.11.11.11"
  secondary_public_edge_ip     = "12.12.12.12"
  segment_ids                  = [alkira_segment.test1.id]
  size                         = "MEDIUM"
  tunnel_protocol              = "IPSEC"

  ipsec_configuration {
    esp_dh_group_number      = "MODP1024"
    esp_encryption_algorithm = "AES256CBC"
    esp_integrity_algorithm  = "MD5"
    health_check_type        = "IKE_STATUS"
    http_probe_url           = "probe.url"
    ike_dh_group_number      = "MODP2048"
    ike_encryption_algorithm = "AES256CBC"
    ike_integrity_algorithm  = "SHA256"
    local_fpdn_id            = "local_fpdn_id"
    pre_shared_key           = "pre_shared_key"
    ping_probe_ip            = "10.10.10.10"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connector_internet_exit_id` (String) The ID of the `connector_internet_exit` associated with the zscaler service.
- `cxp` (String) The CXP where the service should be provisioned.
- `ipsec_configuration` (Block Set, Min: 1) The IPSEC tunnel configuration. This field should only be set when `tunnel_type` is `IPSEC`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ipsec_configuration))
- `name` (String) The name of the zscaler firewall.
- `primary_public_edge_ip` (String) The IP for closest Zscaler PoP to CXP region.
- `secondary_public_edge_ip` (String) The IP for standby Zscaler PoP to CXP region.
- `segment_ids` (Set of String) IDs of segment associated with the service.
- `size` (String) The size of the service one of `SMALL`, `MEDIUM`, `LARGE`, `2LARGE`.

### Optional

- `billing_tag_ids` (Set of Number) Billing tags to be associated with the resource. (see resource `alkira_billing_tag`).
- `description` (String) The description of the Zscaler service.
- `tunnel_protocol` (String) The type of tunnel protocol to be used to connect to Zscaler PoP.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `provision_state` (String) The provision state of the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--ipsec_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipsec_configuration`

Required:

- `health_check_type` (String) The type of health check. Input values must be either `IKE_STATUS` `PING_PROBE` or `HTTP_PROBE`
- `local_fpdn_id` (String) The local FQDN Id.
- `pre_shared_key` (String) The preshared key.

Optional:

- `esp_dh_group_number` (String) The IPSEC phase 2 DH Group to be used. Input value must be either `MODP1024`or `MODP2048`. The default value is `MODP1024`
- `esp_encryption_algorithm` (String) The IPSEC phase 2 Encryption Algorithm to be used. Input value must be either `NULL` or `AES256CBC`. The default value is `NULL`
- `esp_integrity_algorithm` (String) The IPSEC phase 2 Integrity Algorithm to be used. Input value must be either `MD5` or `SHA256`. The default value is `MD5`.
- `http_probe_url` (String) The url to check connection to health, should be provided when health check type is 'HTTP_PROBE'
- `ike_dh_group_number` (String) The IPSEC phase 1 DH Group to be used. Input value must either be `MODP1024` or `MODP2048`. The default is `MODP1024`
- `ike_encryption_algorithm` (String) The IPSEC phase 1 Encryption Algorithm to be used. Only `AES256CBC` is allowed. The default value is `AES256CBC`.
- `ike_integrity_algorithm` (String) The IPSEC phase 1 Integrity Algorithm to be used. Only `SHA256` is allowed. The default value is `SHA256`.
- `ping_probe_ip` (String) The ping destination to check connection health. It should be provided when `health_check_type` is `PING_PROBE`

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import alkira_service_zscaler.example SERVICE_ID
```
