---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "alkira_service_fortinet Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage Fortinet firewall.
---

# alkira_service_fortinet (Resource)

Manage Fortinet firewall.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "alkira_service_fortinet" "test1" {
  username                  = "admin"
  password                  = "Ak12345678"
  cxp                       = "US-WEST"
  license_type              = "BRING_YOUR_OWN"
  management_server_ip      = ""
  management_server_segment_id = alkira_segment.test1.id
  max_instance_count        = 1
  min_instance_count        = 1
  name                      = "test1-update"
  segment_ids               = [alkira_segment.test1.id, alkira_segment.test2.id]
  size                      = "SMALL"
  tunnel_protocol           = "IPSEC"
  version                   = "7.0.2"

  # You can add more instance blocks. Make sure to change "max_instance_count".
  instances {
    name                  = "tf-fortinet-instance-1"
    serial_number         = "licensekey"
    license_key_file_path = "/path/to/license.lic"
  }
  segment_options {
    segment_id = alkira_segment.test.id
    zone_name  = "zonename"
    groups     = [alkira_group.test.name]
  }

  segment_options {
    segment_id = alkira_segment.test.id
    zone_name  = "zonename1"
    groups     = [alkira_group.test.name]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cxp` (String) The CXP where the service should be provisioned.
- `instances` (Block List, Min: 1) An array containing properties for each Fortinet Firewall instance that needs to be deployed. The number of instances should be equal to `max_instance_count`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--instances))
- `license_type` (String) Fortinet license type, either `BRING_YOUR_OWN` or `PAY_AS_YOU_GO`.
- `management_server_segment_id` (Number) The segment ID used to access the management server. This segment must be present in the list of segments assigned to this Fortinet Firewall service.
- `max_instance_count` (Number) The maximum number of Fortinet Firewall instances that should be deployed when auto-scale is enabled. Note that auto-scale is not supported with Fortinet at this time. max_instance_count must be greater than or equal to min_instance_count.
- `name` (String) Name of the Fortinet Firewall service.
- `segment_ids` (List of String) IDs of segments associated with the service.
- `size` (String) The size of the service, one of `SMALL`, `MEDIUM`, `LARGE`.
- `version` (String) The version of the Fortinet Firewall.

### Optional

- `auto_scale` (String) Indicate if auto_scale should be enabled for your Fortinet firewall. `ON` and `OFF` are accepted values. `OFF` is the default if field is omitted
- `billing_tag_ids` (List of Number) Billing tag IDs to associate with the service.
- `management_server_ip` (String) The IP addresses used to access the management server.
- `min_instance_count` (Number) The minimum number of Fortinet Firewall instances that should be  deployed at any point in time.
- `password` (String) Fortinet password.
- `segment_options` (Block Set) The segment options as used by your Fortinet firewall. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--segment_options))
- `tunnel_protocol` (String) Tunnel Protocol, default to `IPSEC`, could be either `IPSEC` or `GRE`.
- `username` (String) Fortinet username.

### Read-Only

- `credential_id` (String) ID of Fortinet Firewall credential managed by credential resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `provision_state` (String) The provision state of the service.

<a id="nestedblock--instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances`

Optional:

- `license_key` (String) The Fortinet license key literal. You may copy and paste the contents of your license key here. You may also use terraform's built in `file` helper function as a literal input for `license_key`. Ex: `license_key = file('/path/to/license/file')`the `file` helper function will copy the contents of your file and place them as literal data into your configuration. 


Instead of using this field you may also use `license_key_file_path`to simply place the path to the license key file you'd like to use.
- `license_key_file_path` (String) Fortinet license key file path. The path to the desired license key. 


There are two options for providing the required license key for Fortinet instance credentials. You can either input the value directly into the `license_key` field or provide the file path for the license key file using the `license_key_file_path`. Either `license_key` or `license_key_file_path` must have an input. If both are provided, the Alkira provider will treat the `license_key` field with precedence.
- `name` (String) The name of the Fortinet Firewall instance.
- `serial_number` (String) The serial_number of the Fortinet Firewall instance. Required only when `license_type` is `BRING_YOUR_OWN.

Read-Only:

- `credential_id` (String) The ID of the Fortinet Firewall instance credentials. Required only when `license_type` is `BRING_YOUR_OWN`.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the Fortinet Firewall instance.


<a id="nestedblock--segment_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `segment_options`

Required:

- `groups` (List of String) The list of Groups associated with the zone.
- `segment_id` (Number) The ID of the segment.
- `zone_name` (String) The name of the associated zone.


