---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "alkira_service_cisco_ftdv Resource - terraform-provider-alkira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage Cisco FTDv Service. (BETA)
---

# alkira_service_cisco_ftdv (Resource)

Manage Cisco FTDv Service. (**BETA**)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "alkira_service_cisco_ftdv" "example" {
  name               = "example"
  auto_scale         = "OFF"
  size               = "SMALL"
  tunnel_protocol    = "IPSEC"
  cxp                = "US-WEST"
  max_instance_count = 1
  min_instance_count = 1

  global_cidr_list_id = alkira_list_global_cidr.example.id
  segment_ids         = [alkira_segment.test1.id, alkira_segment.example.id]

  firepower_management_center {
    username      = "user1"
    password      = "Abcd1234567"
    server_ip     = "1.1.1.1"
    segment_id    = alkira_segment.example.id
    ip_allow_list = ["192.168.3.3"]
  }

  instance {
    hostname             = "instance1"
    admin_password       = "Abcd@12345"
    fmc_registration_key = "abcd12345"
    ftdv_nat_id          = "abcd1234"
    version              = "7.2.1-40"
    license_type         = "BRING_YOUR_OWN"
  }

  segment_options {
    segment_id = alkira_segment.example.id
    zone_name  = "zone1"
    groups     = [alkira_group.example.name]
  }

  segment_options {
    segment_id = alkira_segment.example.id
    zone_name  = "zone2"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cxp` (String) The CXP where the service should be provisioned.
- `firepower_management_center` (Block Set, Min: 1) The Firepower Management Center options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--firepower_management_center))
- `global_cidr_list_id` (Number) The ID of the `alkira_list_global_cidr` to be associated with the service. The list must be tagged with `CISCO FTDV`. CIDR must be at least `/25`.
- `instance` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--instance))
- `max_instance_count` (Number) The maximum number of instances that should be deployed.
- `name` (String) The name of the service.
- `segment_ids` (Set of String) IDs of segments associated with the service.
- `size` (String) The size of the service, one of `SMALL`, `MEDIUM`, `LARGE`, `2LARGE`.

### Optional

- `auto_scale` (String) Indicate if `auto_scale` should be enabled for your Cisco FTDv service. `ON` and `OFF` are accepted values. Default is `OFF`.
- `billing_tag_ids` (Set of Number) Billing tags to be associated with the resource. (see resource `alkira_billing_tag`).
- `description` (String) The description of the service.
- `min_instance_count` (Number) The minimum number of instances that should be deployed.
- `segment_options` (Block Set) The segment options used by the Cisco FTDv. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--segment_options))
- `tunnel_protocol` (String) The tunnel protocol. Default is `IPSEC`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `provision_state` (String) The provision state of the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--firepower_management_center"></a>
### Nested Schema for `firepower_management_center`

Required:

- `password` (String) Firepower Management Center (FMC) password.
- `segment_id` (String) ID of the segment accociated with the Firepower Management Center.
- `server_ip` (String) IP address of the Firepower Management Center.
- `username` (String) Firepower Management Center (FMC) username.

Optional:

- `ip_allow_list` (List of String) List of IP addresses and CIDRs to access the Firepower Management Center.

Read-Only:

- `credential_id` (String) An opaque identifier generated when storing firepower_management_center credentials.


<a id="nestedblock--instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance`

Required:

- `admin_password` (String) Firepower Firewall Admin Password.
- `fmc_registration_key` (String) FMC Registration Key.
- `hostname` (String) Hostname of the Firepower Firewall.
- `license_type` (String) Cisco Firepower Firewall license type, either `BRING_YOUR_OWN` or `PAY_AS_YOU_GO`.
- `version` (String) Cisco Firepower Firewall version. Please check Alkira Portal for all supported versions.

Optional:

- `enable_traffic` (Boolean) Enable traffic on this instance of Cisco FTDv. Default value is `true`.
- `ftdv_nat_id` (String) FTDv NAT ID.

Read-Only:

- `credential_id` (String) An opaque identifier generated when storing Cisco Firepower Firewall instance credentials.
- `id` (Number) ID of the Cisco Firepower Firewall instance.


<a id="nestedblock--segment_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `segment_options`

Required:

- `segment_id` (String) ID of the segment.
- `zone_name` (String) The name of the associated zone.

Optional:

- `groups` (List of String) The list of Groups associated with the zone.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import alkira_service_cisco_ftdv.example SERVICE_ID
```
